Add output for verification step (#4056)
knative/docs: docs/admin/install/eventing/install-eventing-with-yaml.md

## Verify the installation

!!! success

>     Monitor the Knative components until all of the components show a `STATUS` of `Running` or `Completed`. To do so, run the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Monitor the Knative components until all of the components show a `STATUS` of `Running` or `Completed`, by running the following command and inspecting the output:
```

    ```bash

>     kubectl get pods --namespace knative-eventing

Reviewer: Should we use `-n` here instead of `--namespace`? Might wanna check with someone from eng if it's OK to add that to our guidelines if it's not there already?
